Small docs fixes (#20)
sharetribe/dev-docs: content/concepts/pricing-and-commissions/pricing/index.mdx

  transaction. The value is the sum of line items that apply to the
  provider.

### Money type format

Following the Sharetribe SDK documentation, you will see that the
[Money type](https://sharetribe.github.io/flex-sdk-js/types.html)

> requires both an amount and a currency.

Reviewer: Could be helpful to clarify that the amount is in cents.

  transaction. The value is the sum of line items that apply to the
  provider.

## Money type format

Following the Sharetribe SDK documentation, you will see that the
[Money type](https://sharetribe.github.io/flex-sdk-js/types.html)

> requires both an amount and a currency, with formatted as cents. See our

Reviewer: ```suggestion
requires both an amount and a currency, with the amount expressed as cents. See our
```
